| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 04.12.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 - 15:30 |
| Location : | DW IZ1 |
| Chair : | Paula Darii |
| Minute Taker : | Miruna Toşa |
| Attendees : | Sandijs Rakstiņš, Dragostin Ivanov, Thies Wolda |

## Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing? ( 2 min )
- Announcements by the team ( 2 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? ( 1 min )
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? ( 1 min )
---
- Announcements by the TA ( 5 min )
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 3 min )
---
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision-making / discuss )
    - Brainstorm - Adding/ editing issues on GitLab ( 8 min )
        - Did everyone see the current issues on GitLab?
        - Which issues do you think we should add?
        - Are there any issues that you think are too general or too precise?
    - Discuss - Splitting the work ( 7 min )
        - Do we pick one or more issues from GitLab that are free?
        - Do we split the work by preferences or do it randomly?
        - Is every week everybody responsible for a different type of task, or this is not mandatory?
    - Discuss - Work during the midterm week ( 4 min )
        - Are we going to have a meeting?
        - How much are we going to work on the project?
    - Discuss - Encountered problems, need for help? ( 4 min )
        - Does anyone have any problems with code, maybe some questions about the implementation of something?
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? ( 3 min )
---
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? ( 2 min )
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where / why did you mis - estimate? ( 1 min )
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 2 min )
- Closure ( 1 min )
## Minutes :
- Check - in : Everyone was present. Working sessions will now be on Mondays 14:00 - 17:00. 
We are working on schedule, expected to finish basic requirements for next meeting.
---
- Announcements by the TA
    - Deadline : 06.12.2024 -> Buddy check
---
- Presentation of the current app
    - TA liked the current state of the app
    - We still have to work on the rest of the basic requirements
---
- Talking points
    - Adding/editing issues on gitlab
    - -> Everybody looked at the issues on gitlab. We agreed that the current issues are well-structured
We should add issues for the bonus requirements.
    - Splitting the work
    - -> We agreed that we take any issue we want from gitlab, but we need to inform the team about this.
We try to assign issues by personal preferences.
    - Work during the midterm week
    - -> We will just have the meeting on Monday so that we manage to work a little bit for the project.
We should meet the knock-out criteria.
    - Encountered problems
    - -> No one currently has any problems. If they have any, write a message on discord.
- Feedback & Closure
    - We managed to discuss everything from the agenda. Working sessions will be on Mondays instead
of Thursdays.
    - Next meeting chair : Sandijs
    - Next meeting minute taker : Paula