
| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 18.12.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 - 15:30 |
| Location : | DW IZ1 |
| Chair : | Sandijs Rakstiņš |
| Minute Taker : | Paula Darii |
| Attendees : | Dragostin Ivanov, Miruna Toşa |

## Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing? ( 2 min )
- Announcements by the team ( 2 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? ( 1 min )
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? ( 1 min )
---
- Announcements by the TA ( 5 min )
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 3 min )
---
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    - Discuss - basic requirements ( 8 min )
        - Are all the requirements met?
        - How can we fix the issues or improve already existing solutions?
        - UI design and accessibility
    - Brainstorm - bonus features ( 8 min )
        - Which bonus features do we go for first or even at all?
        - Any possible "collisions" with our current code base? (for example - WebSockets)
        - What are the issues we can separate them into?
    - Discuss - Work during the holiday break ( 4 min )
        - How much are we going to work on the project?
        - Weekly updates or just communication when necessary?
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? ( 3 min )
---
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? ( 2 min )
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where / why did you mis - estimate? ( 1 min )
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 2 min )
- Closure ( 1 min )
## Minutes :
- Check - in : Everyone is present, except Thies. Oana is present online. Sandijs is currently 
working on adding checkstyle to the gitlab pipeline. Drago completed the feature that validates 
the title. Paula edited the code so that the current note is highlighted and a new note is marked
as current.
---
- Announcements by the TA
    - The meetings and the feedback by the TA are not graded.
    - Managed to grade buddycheck, will publish the results soon.
---
- Presentation of the current app
    - TA liked the current state of the app.
    - We almost finished the basic requirements.
---
- Talking points
    - Basic requirements
      - Almost all the basic requirements have been completed.
      - We still need to add the manually refresh
      button.
      - We should improve the searching by keyword bar, so that we ignore if a word is in bold/italic.
      - CSS file webview should be implemented, so that each user can configure his css however he wants.
      - We should do the usability/accessibility assignment and make the app look better.
      - Drago wants to do the design.
    - Bonus features
      - We want to do them all if we manage, so we make a ranking of the order of implementing the bonus
      features.
      - Multi-collection (1)
      - Automated change synchronization using web sockets (2) (Drago wants to do this)
      - Live language switch (3)
      - Embedded files (4)
      - Interconnected content (5)
      - We need to write tests.
    - Work during the holiday break
      - Write at least one message a week with what you did, what you didn't manage to do.
      - Whenever you have a question, ask in the group chat on discord.
      - Check discord at least once a day so that if someone needs your help you can help
      (except Christmas and New Years Eve).
      - You can work how much you want on the project, but make sure that you meet the knock-out criteria.
- Feedback & Closure
    - We managed to discuss everything from the agenda. Almost done with the basic requirements. We will
    complete the bonus features in the order of our personal ranking as a team.
    - Next meeting chair : Dragostin
    - Next meeting minute taker : Sandijs