| Key | Value |
| --- |-------|
| Date : | 22.01.2025 |
| Time : | 14:45 - 15:30 |
| Location : | DW IZ1 |
| Chair : | Sandijs Rakstiņš |
| Minute Taker : | Paula Darii |
| Attendees : | Dragostin Ivanov, Miruna Tosa |

## Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing? ( 2 min )
- Announcements by the team ( 2 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? ( 1 min )
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? ( 1 min )
---
- Announcements by the TA ( 5 min )
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 3 min )
---
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
  - Discuss - state of individual knock out criteria ( 3 min )
    - Is anyone at risk from weekly knock out criteria?
    - Is anyone at risk from final knock out criteria?
  - Brainstorm - what else are we still missing? ( 10 min )
    - What is lacking for automated change synchronization to be excellent?
    - What is lacking for live language switch to be excellent?
    - Quick overview on:
      - Backlog (basic, collections, synchronization, language switch)
      - Usability / Accessibility
      - Anything else
  - Discuss - state of gitlab ( 7 min )
    - Is everyone happy with the nearly end state of gitlab?
    - README.md needs a final version
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? ( 3 min )
---
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? ( 2 min )
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where / why did you mis - estimate? ( 1 min )
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 1 min )
- Closure ( 1 min )

## Minutes
- Check in:
  - Everyone is present and healthy
  - No announcements by team
  - Everybody read previous minutes and approved them
- Announcements by the TA:
  - General knockout criteria emails were sent on Saturday.
- Talking points:
  - Feedback on app:
    - Everything is good, just finish collections
    - Add flags for languages
  - State of individual knock out criteria:
    - Drago still needs some lines of code on server
    - Paula, Sandijs and Miruna meet the criteria
  - What else are we still missing:
    - Flags for languages, Paula will do this
    - Basic requirements passed
    - Fix the refresh button, Drago will do this
    - Update the body of note also after certain number of characters entered
    - Edit/remove collection should still be done, Drago and Sandijs will do this
    - Keyboard shortcuts, Miruna will do this
    - Limit for title length
  - State of gitlab:
    - Do the final version of README file (specify changes in configuration needed for running project on Linux)
    - Check if all issues have assigned person, description, title, labels and time-tracking, Paula will do this
- Closing:
  - Last meeting, good luck at exams!