
| Key | Value |
| --- |-------|
| Date : | 08.01.2025 |
| Time : | 14:45 - 15:30 |
| Location : | DW IZ1 |
| Chair : | Dragostin Ivanov |
| Minute Taker : | Sandijs Rakstiņš |
| Attendees : | Paula Darii |

## Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing? ( 2 min )
- Announcements by the team ( 2 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? ( 1 min )
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? ( 1 min )
---
- Announcements by the TA ( 5 min )
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 3 min )
---
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision-making / discuss )
    - Discuss - basic requirements ( 5 min )
        - Did we complete what we missed last time?
    - Discuss - feedback on planning ( 5 min )
        - What can be improved? - ask the TA for feedback & advice
        - What actions are we going to take to improve our score?
    - Discuss - Accessibility and usability ( 10 min )
        - Going through the assignment file
        - Which parts are we going to focus on first?
        - Creating issues for the selected tasks
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when? ( 3 min )
---
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time? ( 2 min )
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where / why did you mis - estimate? ( 1 min )
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 2 min )
- Closure ( 1 min )

## Minutes:
- Check - in :
  - Sandijs and Drago are on location and doing alright
  - Paula joined through Discord as she is feeling ill, but getting better
- Announcements:
  - Drago confirmed next work session on monday to be at 16:15 instead of 14:00
- Approval of the agenda:
  - Sandijs proposed to remove Miruna from attendees this week as she is doing IP resit
  - No other changes were made
---
- Announcements by the TA
  - For this week our TA is not feeling well so Ivar de Bruin joined us for the meeting
  - Friday is deadline for formative feedback on implemented features
  - To get the feedback README.md needs to be updated so the TA can run the application
- Presentation of the current app
    - Since we showed our app to Ivar de Bruin for the first time - no feedback based on previous weeks
    - He did mention that for multi-modal visualization we shouldn't just replace, but combine text, icons and color
---
- Talking points
  - Basic requirements
    - The requirements are fulfilled in our opinion
    - The refresh button might be used to restart websockets connections
    - The CSS file location needs to be written in README.md
    - The search bar algorithm still might warrant improvement to remove Markdown syntax
    - Tip from TA - any extra improvements should be mentioned in README.md so TAs will have an easier time grading
  - Feedback on planning
    - Since our TA wasn't here we decided to ask on mattermost if any actual question appeared
  - Accessibility and usability
    - Accessibility:
      - High contrast is being worked on by Sandijs with CSS and should be completed soon
      - Keyboard shortcuts might be difficult so are left for later
      - Multi-modal requires some icons and UI updates so there already is an issue for it on gitlab
    - Navigation:
      - Logical navigation should be complete without any actual work by keeping it simple
      - Keyboard navigation works quite a bit by default, but might need some work for edge cases
      - Undo is unclear as we couldn't decide what the function should apply to
    - User feedback:
      - We currently have nothing for empty title
      - Server url should be validated and will be when working on collections
      - As of now undecided how, but TA told us to make sure the app handles the error of unavailable servers gracefully
      - For informative feedback we already have note creation, deletion, title tooltip
      - More feedback will be added with collections
      - Confirmation for key actions is done on note deletion and will be done on collection deletion
- The group also decided to stop adding features after week 8, so week 9 is making sure everything works
---
- Feedback & Closure
  - Nothing much on feedback, but meeting ended 10 minutes early cause by the lack of people and assigned TA
  - Next meeting chair : Miruna
  - Next meeting minute taker : Drago
